migrate data sources to docsite (#189)
datacommonsorg/docsite: datasets/index.md

---
layout: default
title: Data Sources
nav_order: 9
has_children: true
published: false
---

# Data Sources

> Data in Data Commons comes a variety of sources. Each source often includes different surveys. Some sources/surveys include a very large number of variables, some of which might not yet have been imported into Data Commons. The sources have been grouped by category and are listed alphabetically within each category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data in the Data Commons Graph comes from a variety of sources, each of which often includes multiple surveys. Some sources/surveys include a very large number of variables, some of which might not yet have been imported into Data Commons. The sources have been grouped by category and are listed alphabetically within each category.
```

though i see this is taken from the existing page, so it's ok to leave as is

1. [United States Data](/datasets/us.html)
2. [International Data](/datasets/international.html)
3. [Biomedical Data](/datasets/biomedical.html)
4. [COVID-19 Data](/datasets/covid19.html)

> 5. [Upcoming Data Imports](/datasets/upcoming.html)

Reviewer: maybe separate this out from the list to differentiate it

Author: done
